Added the README's for cross-contract-calls & factory-contract. (#1232)
near/near-sdk-rs: examples/factory-contract/README.md

# Factory Contract

Example implementation of a factory contract using [near-sdk-rs].

[near-sdk-rs]: https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs

NOTES:

- This example demonstrates how to create and manage multiple instances of a contract from a factory contract.
- Ensure that the factory contract is deployed and accessible.

## Project Structure

- `.cargo`: Configuration files for Cargo, the Rust package manager.
- `high-level/src`: Source code for the high-level factory contract example.
- `low-level/src`: Source code for the low-level factory contract example.
- `res`: Compiled contract binaries.
- `tests`: Integration tests for the factory contract examples.

## Building

To build run:

```bash
./build.sh
```

## Testing

To test run:

```bash
cargo test --package factory-contract -- --nocapture
```

## Usage

## Usage

1. Prerequisite: Install cargo-near:

```bash
cargo install cargo-near
```

2. Create a new testnet account:

```bash
cargo near create-dev-account
```

3. Deploy the factory contract:

```bash

> cargo near deploy --wasmFile path/to/factory-contract.wasm --accountId your-account.testnet

Reviewer: This command is invalid. Please, test all the commands

```suggestion
cargo near deploy
```

```

4. Use the factory contract to create instances of the target contract:

```bash

> near call your-factory-contract-account.testnet create_instance '{"args": "value"}' --accountId your-account.testnet

Reviewer: This command is outdated, please, use the new syntax (it is suggested to you in the output):

```suggestion
near contract call-function as-transaction your-factory-contract-account.testnet deploy_status_message json-args '{"account_id": "sub.your-factory-contract-account.testnet"}' prepaid-gas '100 Tgas' attached-deposit '0 NEAR'
```

```

NOTE: Replace `path/to/factory-contract.wasm` with the actual path to your compiled WebAssembly file, and `your-account.testnet` with your actual NEAR testnet account ID.

> 

Reviewer: Demonstrate calls to `simple_call` and `complex_call` functions.
